Create designer.md (#31)
datarockets/career: jobs/designer.md

**Salary:** 2k-3k USD gross per month.

## What will you do:
- Design user-friendly interface for clients’ web and mobile applications.
- Build UX part of the apps on the basis of the existing design system.
- Create the whole design system for the internal products by a demand using AI tools.
- Help other teams with design-related tasks: design website pages, edit photos’ size and shape, etc.
- Manage and coach the design team.

## What qualities do we expect you to have:
- High level of expertise in UX.
- Independency and ability to work without teammate’s guidance. We’re starting to build our design team, so some time you’ll work as a single designer in the department.
- Fluency in English (writing and speaking) for daily use.
- Understanding of the principles of building and managing the team.
- Proactivity: ability to see points for improvement and initiativeness in proposing changes.
- Versatileness: you’ll work on the client’s project, but sometimes we can ask you to help the team with internal tasks.
- Interest in working with AI tools.

## Would be a plus:

> - Knowledge of UI Kit, React, HTML.

Author: Actually, I'd reduce the amount of text in the last abstract and rewrite the last sentence. Let's put this version to Notion and finish editing here, because it seems to be faster.

> - Knowledge of UI Kit, React, HTML.

Reviewer: Sure!

## What do we offer:
- Transparent work culture.
- 50% compensation for self-development activities: courses, conferences, books, educational platforms, English, and sports.
- Remote work and flexible schedule.
- 32 paid days off per year – you can use them for vacations, occasional days off, and public holidays, only workdays count.
- Full coverage of sick leaves.
- 200 USD per year for medical expenses.

> - 500 USD per year for home office equipment.

Author: I'd like to replace the Design director with some other option, like Head of a Design team or Chief Designer, director is more about a filmmaking industry for me. Don't you mind it?

  

## About us

[![datarockets team](https://github.com/datarockets/career/blob/master/images/photo%20from%20New%20Year%20party.3.jpg)](https://www.instagram.com/datarockets/)

datarockets is a [remote](https://github.com/datarockets/career#remote) software development company focusing on setting up transparent and honest processes with the team and clients. We adore flexibility, freedom and independence, so we have no micromanagement and draining bureaucracy. 
At datarockets, the medium project duration is 12 months. With most of the clients, we work for years. Being a relatively small company, we have the freedom to pick the projects that we feel most passionate about, which benefits both our clients and us. We have experience building apps serving a variety of industries, such as FinTech, IoT, Health & Fitness, e-commerce, and many more. Among our clients: YC-backed startups, Individual Entrepreneurs, Mid-sized companies, Public Institutions, and Series E startups.

Check out our resources for more information:

- [Case studies](https://datarockets.com/case-studies/) to learn more about the types of projects we work with.

> - [Company Codex](https://github.com/datarockets/career#work-as-a-team-with-clients) to see if we share the same values.

Reviewer: This link doesn't lead to our company's codex but to some other page. I think we should use this one :)
```suggestion
- [Company Codex](https://datarockets.com/blog/company/datarockets-codex-core-values/) to see if we share the same values.
```

- [Career page](https://datarockets.com/career/) to learn more about our culture and processes.

## How to apply 💌

To apply, please, send us an email to [join@datarockets.com](mailto:join@datarockets.com) with your CV. 
As an option, you can send your application via our [Career page](https://datarockets.com/career/) on a website. 

Also, we are curious about your thoughts on the questions below, please, add your answers to the cover letter.

- ???
- ???

> Due to a big number of applications, we leave a right for us not to consider applications without answers to our questions. Please, note that the time of receiving a reply email may increase to one-two week.

Reviewer: There is no questions mentioned here and I'm not sure I have any quick ones. As for designer, I'd like them to attach their portfolio. Can you incorporate that?

Author: Yep, sure thing, will add! Thank you for your review!
